README.md, before:

# WEB103 Prework - *👉🏿 Name of App Here*

Submitted by: **👉🏿 your name here**

About this web app: **👉🏿 app description here**

Time spent: **👉🏿 X** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- 👉🏿👉🏿👉🏿 Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->
- [ ] **A logical component structure in React is used to create the frontend of the app**
- [ ] **At least five content creators are displayed on the homepage of the app**
- [ ] **Each content creator item includes their name, a link to their channel/page, and a short description of their content**
- [ ] **API calls use the async/await design pattern via Axios or fetch()**
- [ ] **Clicking on a content creator item takes the user to their details page, which includes their name, url, and description**
- [ ] **Each content creator has their own unique URL**
- [ ] **The user can edit a content creator to change their name, url, or description**
- [ ] **The user can delete a content creator**
- [ ] **The user can add a new content creator by entering a name, url, or description and then it is displayed on the homepage**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Picocss is used to style HTML elements
- [ ] The content creator items are displayed in a creative format, like cards instead of a list
- [ ] An image of each content creator is shown on their content creator card

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

👉🏿<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  👉🏿 GIF tool here
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app or any additional context you'd like to add.

## License

Copyright [👉🏿 yyyy] [👉🏿 name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Hyper Icon

Commit message:

Added gif and updated ReadMe

README.md, after:

# WEB103 Prework - *👉🏿 Name of App Here*

Submitted by: Nathan Abegaz

About this web app: Website to add, edit and delete creators

Time spent: 10 hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- 👉🏿👉🏿👉🏿 Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->
- [x] **A logical component structure in React is used to create the frontend of the app**
- [x] **At least five content creators are displayed on the homepage of the app**
- [x] **Each content creator item includes their name, a link to their channel/page, and a short description of their content**
- [x] **API calls use the async/await design pattern via Axios or fetch()**
- [x] **Clicking on a content creator item takes the user to their details page, which includes their name, url, and description**
- [x] **Each content creator has their own unique URL**
- [x] **The user can edit a content creator to change their name, url, or description**
- [x] **The user can delete a content creator**
- [x] **The user can add a new content creator by entering a name, url, or description and then it is displayed on the homepage**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] Picocss is used to style HTML elements
- [x] The content creator items are displayed in a creative format, like cards instead of a list
- [x] An image of each content creator is shown on their content creator card

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] Alerts when adding and deleting creators

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

👉🏿<img src='./gif/creatorverse_demo.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='600' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with LiceCap


## Notes


## License

Copyright 2025 Nathan Abegaz

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Hyper Icon
